Vaxilonians:
  Strength: "Slightly Lower Than Normal"
  Intelligence: "Extremely High"
  Charm: "Slightly Lower Than Normal"
  Religions: "None"
  Body: 
    Structure: > 
     Vaxilonians are extremely lanky, humanoid life-forms. Their uncanny resemblance to humans is mostly due to the Earthlike
     environment in which they evolved. Similar to human beings, Vaxilonians are carbon-based bipedal land mammals. They have four
     limbs, with an appendage attached to each one. Their feet have six digits (for stability), and there are seven fingers 
     connected to each of their two hands, with one thumb on either end. Vaxilonians' bodies contain much more iron than humans, 
     allowing them to carry larger quantities of oxygen in their red blood cells. Apart from this and a few other minor differences,
     Vaxilonians are almost identical to humans. 
    Height: "Avg. 9-10 ft"
  Description: >
    With long arms that extend past the knee, Vaxilonians have an eerie, spidery appearance. However, they are very kind and
    hospitable. They are intelligent, and have worked for millenia to develop a peaceful society. As a result, Vaxilonians have 
    many good relationships with neighboring planetary governments. They are one of the most influencial species in Sector 1. 
  History: >
    Vaxilon is a planet orbiting star B91-T108-V376 (or 'Aeighkfael' in the Voxilonian language), a medium-sized yellow dwarf 
    located within Sector 1. It has been home to Vaxilonians for hundreds of millions of years. Until just thirty thousand years
    ago, Vaxilon was a world full to the brim with ravaging wars and conflicts. Nations were always poised to fire off their
    missiles at a moment's notice. Children starved, and casualties numbered in the billions. During that time period, Vaxilonians
    had an estimated survival rate of 32%. For thousands of years, Vaxilon's forests were stripped of life, cities were
    burned down to rubble, oceans were drained, and genocides were carried out in the name of dictatorial rulers who wanted 
    nothing more than wealth and land. Eventually, Vaxilonians looked around at their barren, scorched world and realized that if
    they continued to wage wars as they did now, they would destroy their beloved planet. So the dictators were overthrown, and 
    one by one, the nations of Vaxilon united and formed a single democratic plantary government. This new government then
    established a secular society with peace and equality as its core values. Even to this day, Vaxilonians live in underground 
    cities and wear gas masks at all times to avoid nuclear radiation. But every second of every hour of every day, Vaxilonian 
    scientists work to speed up their planet's recovery.
